In this file I will try to explain:
- how the maven projects work
- maven dependencies and plugins
- what is testNG
- how to create a report using a testNG plugin
- how to add the project to github and use github
- how to install jenkins and use jenkins

HOW THE MAVEN PROJECTS WORK

  Maven is a build automation tool that help the user build the project more easily and set it up more clearly
and easily. Mostly is used to build Java based projects but it can also use projects written in C#, Ruby, Python etc
To configure the maven project, we use the Project Object Model which is stored in the pom.xml file
In the pom.xml file serves as a brain of the project. Contains all the information of the maven project, dependecies
plugins and many others. Maven reads the pom.xml file and executes the goal.

MAVEN DEPENDENCIES AND PLUGINS

  Maven dependencies are basically libraries that the project needs to use in order to build. The maven will download
those libraries from a repository into your local project automatically, but this can also be performed manually.
When you build the maven project, the dependencies set up are solved and loaded from the local machine
The maven dependencies are written in the <dependencies> tag in the pom.xml file
For example: we are using the selenium dependency and the testng dependency which allows us to use selenium and
testng in our maven project.

 Plugins are where much of the real action is performed, plugins are used to: create jar files, create war files,
compile code, unit test code, create project documentation, and on and on. Almost any action that you can think
of performing on a project is implemented as a Maven plugin.
For example: we are using the maven compiler plugin which is used to compile the project. The surefire plugin is
used to run the project tests. It also allows us to configure which XML suites to execute when we build our project

WHAT IS TESTNG

  TestNG is a Java testing framework used in selenium to make the automation test easier to understand and write.
The goal of TestNG is to cover a wide range of test categories such as unit testing, functional, end-to-end,
and many more with an easy-to-use functionalities. NG stands for Next Generation :)

